docs/UserGuide.md, before:

# User Guide

There are five query types that can be run, selected by clicking on the desired query type. Below is a description of each with screen shots. 

## Find out all names for your medication.

Input: A medicine name.
![alt text](query1-input.png "Query Example")

Output: other names for that medication. 
![alt text](query1-output.png "Query Example")

##Find out reported reactions to a drug.

Input: A medicine name.
![alt text](query2-input.png "Query Example")

Output: The top three reactions to the drug, as well as all reactions broken down by severity. 
![alt text](query2-output1.png "Query Example")

Click on each severity to expand that section. 
![alt text](query2-output2.png "Query Example")

##Find out interesting facts about your medication. 

Input: A medicine name.
![alt text](query3-input.png "Query Example")

Output: Interesting facts about the medication.
![alt text](query3-output.png "Query Example")

##Find out what food or drugs to be cautious about while taking your medication

Input: A medicine name, and another medicine name or food.   
![alt text](query4-input.png "Query Example")

Output: Possible interactions (if any) between the given inputs.
![alt text](query4-output.png "Query Example")

##Perform generic search on openFDA

Input: Select the Category, Subcategory, and fields from the drop downs. Enter the values you wish to search for in the query. A compound query can be created by clicking the "Add Another Field" button to the right. 
![alt text](query5-input.png "Query Example")

Output: The data returned from the query. 
![alt text](query5-output.png "Query Example")

Commit message:

Updated help file and the user guide with the information about the use case for patient deaths.

docs/UserGuide.md, after:

# User Guide

There are six query types that can be run, selected by clicking on the desired query type. Below is a description of each with screen shots. 

## Find out patient deaths, by country, between two reporting years, related to adverse reaction from a drug.

Input: Starting year and ending year. Select the starting year and the ending year from the selection list
![alt text](query0-input.png "Query Example")

Output: A color coded world map that shows reported deaths by a country when the mouse is hovered over the country.
![alt text](query0-output1.png "Query Example")

The starting/ending years may be changed on the map itself to see the data reflected in real time.

![alt text](query0-output2.png "Query Example")

## Find out all names for your medication.

Input: A medicine name.
![alt text](query1-input.png "Query Example")

Output: other names for that medication. 
![alt text](query1-output.png "Query Example")

##Find out reported reactions to a drug.

Input: A medicine name.
![alt text](query2-input.png "Query Example")

Output: The top three reactions to the drug, as well as all reactions broken down by severity. 
![alt text](query2-output1.png "Query Example")

Click on each severity to expand that section. 
![alt text](query2-output2.png "Query Example")

##Find out interesting facts about your medication. 

Input: A medicine name.
![alt text](query3-input.png "Query Example")

Output: Interesting facts about the medication.
![alt text](query3-output.png "Query Example")

##Find out what food or drugs to be cautious about while taking your medication

Input: A medicine name, and another medicine name or food.   
![alt text](query4-input.png "Query Example")

Output: Possible interactions (if any) between the given inputs.
![alt text](query4-output.png "Query Example")

##Perform generic search on openFDA

Input: Select the Category, Subcategory, and fields from the drop downs. Enter the values you wish to search for in the query. A compound query can be created by clicking the "Add Another Field" button to the right. 
![alt text](query5-input.png "Query Example")

Output: The data returned from the query. 
![alt text](query5-output.png "Query Example")
